add prune branches feature (#5513)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface.md

2. **Save button &mdash;** The editor has a **Save** button that saves editable files. Pressing the button or using the Command-S or Control-S shortcut saves the file contents. You don't need to save to preview code results in the Console section, but it's necessary before changes appear in a dbt invocation. The File Editor tab shows a blue icon for unsaved changes.

3. **Version Control &mdash;** This menu contains all git-related elements, including the Git actions button. The button updates relevant actions based on your editor's state, such as prompting to pull remote changes, commit and sync when reverted commit changes are present, creating a merge/pull request when appropriate, or pruning branches deleted from the remote repository.
   - The dropdown menu on the Git actions button allows users to revert changes, refresh Git state, create merge/pull requests, prune branches, and change branches.

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.5"> 
    

>    - Keep in mind that although you can't delete local branches in the IDE using this menu, you can [reclone your repository](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#modals-and-menus), which deletes your local branches and refreshes with the current remote branches, effectively removing the deleted ones.

Reviewer: Maybe something here that now specifies this to unmerged local branches. Or even this _could_ be removed? I think prune handles most cases where people would need to use this?

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">
    

>    - Use the **Prune branches** option to remove local branches that have already been deleted from the remote repository. Selecting this triggers a [pop-up modal](#prune-branches-modal), where you can confirm the deletion of the specific local branches, keeping your branch management tidy. Note to use this button,  make sure you're not a delete branch.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the **Prune branches** option to remove local branches that have already been deleted from the remote repository. Selecting this triggers a [pop-up modal](#prune-branches-modal), where you can confirm the deletion of the specific local branches, keeping your branch management tidy. Note, you won't be able to prune your current branch.

```

2. **Save button &mdash;** The editor has a **Save** button that saves editable files. Pressing the button or using the Command-S or Control-S shortcut saves the file contents. You don't need to save to preview code results in the Console section, but it's necessary before changes appear in a dbt invocation. The File Editor tab shows a blue icon for unsaved changes.

3. **Version Control &mdash;** This menu contains all git-related elements, including the Git actions button. The button updates relevant actions based on your editor's state, such as prompting to pull remote changes, commit and sync when reverted commit changes are present, creating a merge/pull request when appropriate, or pruning branches deleted from the remote repository.
   - The dropdown menu on the Git actions button allows users to revert changes, refresh Git state, create merge/pull requests, prune branches, and change branches.

>      - Use the **Prune branches** option to remove local branches that have already been deleted from the remote repository. Selecting this triggers a [pop-up modal](#prune-branches-modal), where you can confirm the deletion of the specific local branches, keeping your branch management tidy.

Author: ```suggestion
<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.5">
         - Keep in mind that although you can't delete local branches in the IDE using this menu, you can [reclone your repository](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#modals-and-menus), which deletes your local branches and refreshes with the current remote branches, effectively removing the deleted ones.
</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">
          - Use the **Prune branches** option to remove local branches that have already been deleted from the remote repository. Selecting this triggers a [pop-up modal](#prune-branches-modal), where you can confirm the deletion of the specific local branches, keeping your branch management tidy. Note to use this button,  make sure you're not a delete branch.
</VersionBlock>
```

- #### Commit to a new branch
  Edit directly on your protected primary git branch and commit those changes to a new branch when ready.
  <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/create-new-branch.png" width="70%" title="Commit changes to a new branch"/>

- #### Commit Changes modal
  The Commit Changes modal is accessible via the Git Actions button to commit all changes or via the Version Control Options menu to commit individual changes. Once you enter a commit message, you can use the modal to commit and sync the selected changes.
  <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/commit-changes-modal.png" width="90%" title="The Commit Changes modal is how users commit changes to their branch."/>

- #### Change Branch modal
  The Change Branch modal allows users to switch git branches in the IDE. It can be accessed through the **Change Branch** link or the **Git actions** button under the **Version control** menu.
  <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/change-branch-modal.png" width="90%" title="The Commit Changes modal is how users change their branch."/>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">

- #### Prune branches modal

>   The Prune branches modal allows users to delete local branches that have been deleted from the remote repository, keeping your branch management tidy. This is accessible through the **Git actions** button under the [**Version control** menu](#editing-features).

Author: ```suggestion
  The Prune branches modal allows users to delete local branches that have been deleted from the remote repository, keeping your branch management tidy. This is accessible through the **Git actions** button under the [**Version control** menu](#editing-features). Note, you won't be able to prune your current branch.
```
